Wang Wuyi, you bastard
Am I bothering you?
You really dare to touch me?
Teacher, you are in a hurry
You don't even have a chance to regret it?
Kill him kill him
Come on, let him kill someone
Kill you and kill another person
Ah!
Don't panic.
This kid has already attacked, I haven't done it
I'm leaving I'm looking for someone
I'll help you later
How about you come back to me?
Help me together
No one can save you now
You are dead.
Lily, you're going to kill me
Why do you have to
General, before I do it
I never thought I would live
I can't take it anymore today
So that you can never save others again
I can give money. I can give money.
What's wrong with me?
I don't want the money you earned
I will kill you.